docs/index.rst, before:

Welcome to Stratum Game Server!
===============================

Stratum Game Server is a turn based game engine designed to pit autonomous
players against each other. The goal of the project is to produce a system where
people can create autonomous systems, and compete them against each other by
playing games. Adding a new game to the system is a fairly straightforward
process. Clients do not have to be tied to this project in any way, and can be
independently developed and implemented using whatever strategies are desired.
StratumGS can be deployed for any group, from a small group of friends to a
company (although at this stage in development, the number of users the system
can handle may be limited).

The main components are the primary server, which consists of a web
server and tcp server, the clients, and the game engines. More information about
how these parts interact can be found on the :doc:`design` page. Information
about which games are available can be found on the :doc:`engines` page.

The main server is written using the asynchronous Python server Tornado. More
information about Tornado can be found on the project's official website:
`<http://www.tornadoweb.org/en/stable/>`_.

StratumGS is licensed under the
`MIT License <https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT>`_.

Documentation
-------------

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   design
   guides
   protocols
   engines
   code

* :ref:`genindex`
* :ref:`modindex`
* :ref:`search`

Commit message:

add a note indicating the version of the code the documentation is for

docs/index.rst, after:

Welcome to Stratum Game Server!
===============================

.. note::
    These docs are for StratumGS version |version|. For the latest docs, please
    visit https://stratumgs.org/en/latest.

    Check out the project on GitHub: https://github.com/stratumgs/stratumgs

Stratum Game Server is a turn based game engine designed to pit autonomous
players against each other. The goal of the project is to produce a system where
people can create autonomous systems, and compete them against each other by
playing games. Adding a new game to the system is a fairly straightforward
process. Clients do not have to be tied to this project in any way, and can be
independently developed and implemented using whatever strategies are desired.
StratumGS can be deployed for any group, from a small group of friends to a
company (although at this stage in development, the number of users the system
can handle may be limited).

The main components are the primary server, which consists of a web
server and tcp server, the clients, and the game engines. More information about
how these parts interact can be found on the :doc:`design` page. Information
about which games are available can be found on the :doc:`engines` page.

The main server is written using the asynchronous Python server Tornado. More
information about Tornado can be found on the project's official website:
`<http://www.tornadoweb.org/en/stable/>`_.

StratumGS is licensed under the
`MIT License <https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT>`_.

Documentation
-------------

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   design
   guides
   protocols
   engines
   code

* :ref:`genindex`
* :ref:`modindex`
* :ref:`search`
